hello beautiful people of the internet
how are you doing today so it is already
time is it's already like 2:30 and
afternoon me and the other creative
residents spent all day basically in a
conference room at the Adobe office
going over like PR stuff and how to
properly be prepared for like interviews
with reporters and stuff a comic Craig
hello Santa as I was saying today what
school it was like a productive morning
but we were stuck inside of a conference
room for how many hours I mean it was a
fair amount but is this very helpful
morning but now we need to find a
skateboard for Craig we're gonna cruise
around the pier maybe find somewhere to
work for a little bit but yeah skate
mission starting now
- keyboard keys right now we're in
Fishers and Fisherman's Wharf
and the storage manna fine just a works
I have mine I have my own clothes
but maybe trying to find a penny or
something for Craig Craig you're signing
your life away for a bike business idea
come to San Francisco but put up a
freakin skate shop because there are
not-- like we we adventure so on you
probably walked around for like 30
minutes try to find a skateboard to buy
or something someone needs to figure out
how to make skateboard rentals a thing
yeah do it and come to San Francisco
come to the pier you'll make lots of
money
outside of the Golden Gate Bridge
this is my favorite place to go this is
the Bay Bridge it's quite lovely
new bottle so good ah I forgot oh I
forgot oh I forgot Oh ice cream in
espresso I didn't know this existed
avocado so we went to Blue Bottle this
is sort of the best iced coffee I've had
in a very long time good job Craig
okay pure one it's where all the fairies
the golden Gate's very sweet girl
fun day of learning and exploring well
next time we have to go prepare quick
talk because we have a bunch going on
this week we had like 50 minute talk 20
minute talk five minute talk may a lot
of fun people it's going to be a good
week to presenting stuff first quarter
the way through the residents yeah we're
the way to the residency that's insane
sure yeah that's the same until next
time stay peachy okay bye
we're about to do a ball and snapchat
story on the Adobe snapchat I believe in
you
if you can do it
hurry up
star court
Jews do that
Paris